here we go guys except us at makeup
versus mania esri you again tempest on
the Left playing as claw vs ryu Manea me
play by manny 0 and that'll be good you
got cotton jump I like how long like how
manny oh just jumping in straight at
this Vega player we had no Chino she has
nothing to fear yes too awesome like
Vega knees down charge and meter or
distinctly stop with jumping nice nice
punish until there's really drop see
what happened with on wake up I likes it
like using some of those gimmicks on way
to go don't throw us out of Guinness
yeah hey Cara
oh boy jumping combo nope oh my goodness
below strong Oh Long Island gel stuff
doesn't work the tempest going to work
really abusing a clause great poker game
are they looking Klaus just garbage and
trash in this game thing is a lot a lot
of moves are very good he's not bad it's
just like well its defense a lot of
characters that are better yeah he just
doesn't he just can't do a lot of damage
my spokes are good yeah if you're
standing at that range that um that
range that tempest is using to get those
cos me stronger can you say that the
whole time yeah it's a good chance of
you'll win like without like any time
does the backflip it's like free damage
just gonna walk forward and like Crouch
medium kick there there at the
Roundhouse olympians working on a
perfect right now ya doing a great job
keeping Manny right where he wants him
DP but no no ultra yeah even a super
whatever nice so what we're seeing right
now is racine tempest with a great
spacing game yeah he's keeping Ryu at a
distance where were you really just
can't do anything
good combo low strong to karate
roundhouse from Manny oh wow that hit
for some reason again with the tick Brad
looks like tempest isn't done it's a
really interesting these clothes I mean
technical announced free if he didn't
jump Mambo rather close they're not sure
yeah cause drama divisions were sweeping
very nice try to draw oh I didn't know
that that beat back okay I know now I
know next time I see a hurricane kick
and the down for roundhouse I know who
to bet on yeah sure you can ah i didn't
know that competition so very nice with
the reset guys are as our tangles jumped
or just crouched beers yeah tempest is
getting a lot of we jump yeah oh that's
why we don't do the tiger stuff down for
toward my shirt yeah using shortcuts hey
I combo coming from tempest he's sitting
on game point now gets man yo Manny I
was fully loaded with super tempest for
two bars get got some easy hits into uh
the ex water yeah tempest does Cox Jolly
Roger Spears a lot that's a lot of
damage taken for no good reason there
tempest just has that extra little bit
of reaction time later when air-to-air
situation he's always winning there you
go we used air normal okay good oh yes
nice i'm all died okay yes i didn't know
that you could do it oh nothing
buy it to free come to hit two hit
opportunities but he doesn't take
advantage of here we go a good guess on
that John and tempers take this game